[athena] business settings (#203)
hellohaptik/docs_haptik: docs/agent-chat/claiming-and-closing.md

- Once the user marks the conversation appropriately. The conversation is removed from the agent's queue and the My Chats page.

## Enable manual closing of chat
The above mentioned functionality is enabled by default for every business. To disable it, one have to edit the flag under Businesses > Business Settings > Show close chat button.

![business settings](assets/business_settings.png)

> To add to that, one can edit the flag only if they have the below mentioned permission

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add to that, one can edit the flag only if they have access to the below mentioned feature.
```

```
athena_business_settings_edit
```

> This should be added to the respective group as mentioned in [adding agents and permissions](https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/adding-agents-and-permissions) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should be added to the respective Permission Group as mentioned in [adding agents and permissions](https://docs.haptik.ai/agent-chat/adding-agents-and-permissions).
```
